v0.24.1 [skip ci] (#1453)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/migration_guide.rst

Migration guide
===============

******************************
0.24.1 Migration guide
******************************

> This version contains a quick fix to ABIv2. Due to new release of compiler, u96 is now compiled to `BoundedInt` in ABI.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
This version contains a quick fix to parsing AB for Cairo v2 contracts. Due to new release of compiler, `u96` is now compiled to `BoundedInt` in ABI.
```

0.24.1 Minor changes
--------------------

> 1. Fixed parsing ABIv2 that contains u96 data type.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
1. Fixed parsing ABI that contains `u96` data type.
```
